README.md, before:

# Leetcode-Java

<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0015-3sum](https://github.com/Asnvir/Leetcode-Java/tree/master/0015-3sum) |
| [0125-valid-palindrome](https://github.com/Asnvir/Leetcode-Java/tree/master/0125-valid-palindrome) |
| [0167-two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted](https://github.com/Asnvir/Leetcode-Java/tree/master/0167-two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted) |
| [0344-reverse-string](https://github.com/Asnvir/Leetcode-Java/tree/master/0344-reverse-string) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0125-valid-palindrome](https://github.com/Asnvir/Leetcode-Java/tree/master/0125-valid-palindrome) |
| [0344-reverse-string](https://github.com/Asnvir/Leetcode-Java/tree/master/0344-reverse-string) |
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0015-3sum](https://github.com/Asnvir/Leetcode-Java/tree/master/0015-3sum) |
| [0167-two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted](https://github.com/Asnvir/Leetcode-Java/tree/master/0167-two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted) |
## Binary Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0167-two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted](https://github.com/Asnvir/Leetcode-Java/tree/master/0167-two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted) |
## Sorting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0015-3sum](https://github.com/Asnvir/Leetcode-Java/tree/master/0015-3sum) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->

Commit message:

1019-SQUARES-OF-A-SORTED-ARRAY Stats: Time: 1 ms (100%), Space: 47.5 MB (23.32%) - LeetHub

README.md, after:

# Leetcode-Java

<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0015-3sum](https://github.com/Asnvir/Leetcode-Java/tree/master/0015-3sum) |
| [0125-valid-palindrome](https://github.com/Asnvir/Leetcode-Java/tree/master/0125-valid-palindrome) |
| [0167-two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted](https://github.com/Asnvir/Leetcode-Java/tree/master/0167-two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted) |
| [0344-reverse-string](https://github.com/Asnvir/Leetcode-Java/tree/master/0344-reverse-string) |
| [1019-squares-of-a-sorted-array](https://github.com/Asnvir/Leetcode-Java/tree/master/1019-squares-of-a-sorted-array) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0125-valid-palindrome](https://github.com/Asnvir/Leetcode-Java/tree/master/0125-valid-palindrome) |
| [0344-reverse-string](https://github.com/Asnvir/Leetcode-Java/tree/master/0344-reverse-string) |
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0015-3sum](https://github.com/Asnvir/Leetcode-Java/tree/master/0015-3sum) |
| [0167-two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted](https://github.com/Asnvir/Leetcode-Java/tree/master/0167-two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted) |
| [1019-squares-of-a-sorted-array](https://github.com/Asnvir/Leetcode-Java/tree/master/1019-squares-of-a-sorted-array) |
## Binary Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0167-two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted](https://github.com/Asnvir/Leetcode-Java/tree/master/0167-two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted) |
## Sorting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0015-3sum](https://github.com/Asnvir/Leetcode-Java/tree/master/0015-3sum) |
| [1019-squares-of-a-sorted-array](https://github.com/Asnvir/Leetcode-Java/tree/master/1019-squares-of-a-sorted-array) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->
